hashing measurements written on 2024-11-27 00:59:51.446458+00:00; iterations=100

m3 results for lightsaber (impl=m3ref)
lightsaberm3refkeygen: 3708k
lightsaberm3refkeygenhash: 226k
lightsaberm3refencap: 5116k
lightsaberm3refencaphash: 316k
lightsaberm3refdecap: 6716k
lightsaberm3refdecaphash: 248k

m3 results for lightsaber (impl=m3old)
lightsaberm3oldkeygen: 465k
lightsaberm3oldkeygenhash: 226k
lightsaberm3oldencap: 630k
lightsaberm3oldencaphash: 316k
lightsaberm3olddecap: 687k
lightsaberm3olddecaphash: 248k

m3 results for lightsaber (impl=m3speed)
lightsaberm3speedkeygen: 399k
lightsaberm3speedkeygenhash: 218k
lightsaberm3speedencap: 536k
lightsaberm3speedencaphash: 308k
lightsaberm3speeddecap: 569k
lightsaberm3speeddecaphash: 240k

m3 results for saber (impl=m3ref)
saberm3refkeygen: 8014k
saberm3refkeygenhash: 411k
saberm3refencap: 10314k
saberm3refencaphash: 534k
saberm3refdecap: 12615k
saberm3refdecaphash: 433k

m3 results for saber (impl=m3old)
saberm3oldkeygen: 855k
saberm3oldkeygenhash: 411k
saberm3oldencap: 1081k
saberm3oldencaphash: 534k
saberm3olddecap: 1156k
saberm3olddecaphash: 433k

m3 results for saber (impl=m3speed)
saberm3speedkeygen: 736k
saberm3speedkeygenhash: 396k
saberm3speedencap: 921k
saberm3speedencaphash: 518k
saberm3speeddecap: 965k
saberm3speeddecaphash: 417k

m3 results for firesaber (impl=m3ref)
firesaberm3refkeygen: 13676k
firesaberm3refkeygenhash: 620k
firesaberm3refencap: 17577k
firesaberm3refencaphash: 765k
firesaberm3refdecap: 20720k
firesaberm3refdecaphash: 642k

m3 results for firesaber (impl=m3old)
firesaberm3oldkeygen: 1336k
firesaberm3oldkeygenhash: 620k
firesaberm3oldencap: 1611k
firesaberm3oldencaphash: 765k
firesaberm3olddecap: 1712k
firesaberm3olddecaphash: 642k

m3 results for firesaber (impl=m3speed)
firesaberm3speedkeygen: 1134k
firesaberm3speedkeygenhash: 595k
firesaberm3speedencap: 1360k
firesaberm3speedencaphash: 739k
firesaberm3speeddecap: 1427k
firesaberm3speeddecaphash: 617k

